hey guys welcome back to con comm versus
the world so we're up against Cliff 1020
now let's see what he's got for us today
let's see um yes I'm gonna go for a kind
of like new club dreb kick god I'm just
using the kick maybe to get him off
balance or something I don't know how
it's gonna really go yeah I got is gonna
do any damage but I might as well just
bring it back down anyway I'm gonna try
to lift him up and just push him a
little bit backwards to get him off his
feet chair as he's doing kind of the
exact same um except he has one foot in
the hair there this might be detrimental
for him if he screws that up with the
leg there so I'm just gonna keep pushing
a little bit now I'm gonna go push him
downwards into the ground he can still
save this is that really shovelling or
anything although I shouldn't really
give a shit because people just kick my
ass all the time and it's frustrating so
I should just kill people and I just see
I put myself boring for a suplex so I'm
figured out how to counter these fucking
things and I'm just gonna keep my arms
lowered which seems like the opposite
thing in which you should do but it
works perfectly just keep your arm
straight and low down and it kind of
makes you really heavy and he just
cannot lift me with all this weight
coming down on him and he's pretty good
much you're gonna die here I hope yep he
can't he could have left me that was
Bellas I'm fat okay so let's see let's
see Ellis I was pretty sexy wise is
playing for so long why is it slaying
force online you're dead bro ok GG not
game okay so mater 5001 it's time for me
to kick your ass please please let me
kick your ass bro please please wait
I'll give you I'll give you a cookie I'm
just kidding I'm gonna kill you anyway
so let's see new clip and the kit let's
see if this works well or something
hopefully I don't know let's just see
how it goes maybe I can get it elbow I
don't know maybe please please give me
noble give me an elbow what do we what
are we what every what elbows ok so that
was fucking creepy Boyle moving onwards
this guy's lagging I think and
Oh get the elbow and on that's a bargain
yo shit okay so now that i'm actually
winning I'm gonna quickly try DQ mistake
I'm just I just want to eat you this
thing and go home let's see come on come
on DQ dude why does this take so long
why why is this thanks a lot really
there's no chance in hell are you gonna
win this dude there is no chance and
inhale I just put this arm on the ground
seriously let me do it trust me trust me
trust you know what am i doing am I
trying to hypnotize you or something i
don't even know i'm weird ok so this
arms touching the ground please please
oh my god how much the lower do i have
to get to touch the sing on the ground
it's insane I mean like I'm about to
kiss my foot seriously good loose
already hey gammy dude seriously lose
lose lose jeez I don't know ok come on
there we go there we dare we go finally
damn arm and that DQ sweet ok would I
space that's not cool ok but dragons
feel let's see what you got bro let's
see what you got let's see what you got
ok so got Julian just kind of weird move
I don't look good to be in a good
position actually to be honest I don't
know what I can get from this right now
I just lost my elbow that's gonna suck
in a long run I'm still in the bad
position here I'd say okay there we go
there we go now we're getting it
somewhat equal it's at somewhat of a
stay awake but my arm look so fucking
sore it was like bending the wrong way
there for a second ok now I'm being
lifted to heaven I don't even know is he
gonna lift me is he gonna throw me out I
don't let's see where this goes let's
see where this kills oh how the hell did
that happen you're lifting me and now
you're the one flying away yeah that
doesn't make sense ok maybe it's because
of my leg is touching the ground and I
took his balance I took his balance ok
maybe he's done you I don't know can you
can you say that can you save this bro
can you save it is it safer blue or is
it not oh okay and say oh so let me just
try save this right here let me see it
get us into a knife position and the
ghost fucking lies to me those are my it
was a nice counter though fuck it I love
it